Enable unified memory by default in `cudf_polars` (#17375)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/cudf_polars/engine_options.md

result = query.collect(engine=engine)
```
Note that passing `chunked: False` disables chunked reading entirely, and thus `chunk_read_limit` and `pass_read_limit` will have no effect.

## Disabling Unified Memory

> By default `cudf_polars` will default to CUDA Unified Managed memory with RMM's asynchronouse pool allocator. On system's that don't support Managed Memory, a non-managed pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `cudf_polars` will default to CUDA Unified Managed memory with RMM's asynchronous pool allocator. On system's that don't support Managed Memory, a non-managed pool
```

allocator is used.

> Managed memory can be turned off by setting `CUDF_POLARS_DISABLE_UVM` to `"True"`. System requirements for managed memory can be found [here](

Reviewer 2: Or, shall we make the positive case the name of the environment variable (with a default of true)?

```
POLARS_GPU_ENABLE_CUDA_MANAGED_MEMORY=1 # default
POLARS_GPU_ENABLE_CUDA_MANAGED_MEMORY=0 # opt out
```

> Managed memory can be turned off by setting `CUDF_POLARS_DISABLE_UVM` to `"True"`. System requirements for managed memory can be found [here](

Author: Done 👍

> By default `cudf_polars` will default to CUDA Unified Managed memory with RMM's asynchronous pool allocator. On system's that don't support Managed Memory, a non-managed pool
> allocator is used.
> [Unified Memory](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#unified-memory-introduction) can be turned off by setting `CUDF_POLARS_DISABLE_UVM` to `"True"`. System requirement for Unified memory can be found [here](
> https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#system-requirements-for-unified-memory).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default `cudf_polars` will default to [CUDA managed memory](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#unified-memory-introduction) with RMM's managed pool allocator. On systems that don't support managed memory, a non-managed asynchronous pool
allocator is used.
Managed memory can be turned off by setting `CUDF_POLARS_DISABLE_UVM` to `"True"`. System requirements for managed memory can be found [here](
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#system-requirements-for-unified-memory).
```
